capital = 151

# Vacant
recruit_character = ROI_Generic_Vacant

recruit_character = ROI_Amiya
recruit_character = ROI_Kaltsit
recruit_character = ROI_Closure
recruit_character = ROI_Dobermann
recruit_character = ROI_Zima
recruit_character = ROI_W
recruit_character = ROI_Ling
recruit_character = ROI_Gladiia
recruit_character = ROI_Saileach
recruit_character = ROI_Horn
recruit_character = ROI_Fiammetta
recruit_character = ROI_Ash
recruit_character = ROI_Mudrock
recruit_character = ROI_Hellagur
recruit_character = ROI_Siege
recruit_character = ROI_Chongyue
recruit_character = ROI_Chen
recruit_character = ROI_Exusiai
recruit_character = HOI_Shining
recruit_character = ROI_Hoshiguma
recruit_character = ROI_Skadi
recruit_character = ROI_Schwarz
recruit_character = ROI_Mostima
recruit_character = ROI_Aak
recruit_character = ROI_Nian
recruit_character = ROI_Bagpipe
recruit_character = ROI_Thorns
recruit_character = ROI_Eunectes
recruit_character = ROI_Surtr
recruit_character = ROI_Blemishine
recruit_character = ROI_Rosmontis
recruit_character = ROI_Mountain
recruit_character = ROI_Dusk
recruit_character = ROI_Flametail
recruit_character = ROI_Ebenholz
recruit_character = ROI_Mlynar
recruit_character = ROI_Vigil
recruit_character = ROI_Texas
recruit_character = ROI_Ines
recruit_character = ROI_Frost
recruit_character = ROI_Blitz
recruit_character = ROI_Tachanka
recruit_character = ROI_Leonhardt
recruit_character = ROI_Swire
recruit_character = ROI_Nearl
recruit_character = ROI_Warfarin
recruit_character = ROI_Specter
recruit_character = ROI_Lappland
recruit_character = ROI_Ace
recruit_character = ROI_Outcast
recruit_character = ROI_Saria
recruit_character = ROI_Logos
recruit_character = ROI_Ifrit
recruit_character = ROI_Qiubai
recruit_character = ROI_Irene
recruit_character = ROI_Blaze
recruit_character = ROI_Muelsyse
recruit_character = ROI_Hoolheyak
recruit_character = ROI_Lin
recruit_character = ROI_Dorothy

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = controlled_democracy
	last_election = "2022.30.9"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	controlled_democracy = 60
	socialism = 14
	militarism = 15
	liberalism = 10
	communism = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	ROI_Kaltsit_hog
	ROI_Kaltsit_for
	ROI_Closure_eco
	ROI_Dobermann_sec

	ROI_Legitimacy_0
	ROI_Behind_The_Scene
	ROI_Extraordinary_Security
	ROI_Disappeared_Haimao
	ROI_Civil_Rights_0
}